I am Puja rayani I am the vice president
at ICC Lombard General Insurance company
um in its name we have it we are
non-life Insurance any other insurance
we do that insurance fire Marine house
um Health motor you name it travel
you've been involved in these awards for
many years Pui you've been to some of
the events around the different parts of
the world why does why does your
organization and why do you enter these
Awards in the first place what do you
get out of it um every time I go back
home there's still a little bit of those
tips where I uh it makes a difference
back home so I take away uh some
benchmarking practices I take away some
small new initiatives that are happening
at the call centers contact centers
across the world where it makes a
difference um yeah so there are some
very good tips still in there year
over-year and of course all of us are
evolving and we try to do better over
the previous years so every year there
is something that is value add for my
contact centers excellent and you know
for there's a lot of companies who don't
who who compete in Awards and they go to
Awards where you fill in the form you go
to dinner and you win or you lose and I
participated in one of those I've never
participated a second time okay so still
contact center world thank you for that
but but what would you say is the
difference between those you know the
two types of
coaches um I couldn't say much about the
other one um I participated in one it's
a form that we
can write anything um maybe of course we
write what's correct but um it's like
not very interactive not very
exciting and um it's
more not so much of learning either I am
not hearing other people's tips like I
just discussed it's the tips that make a
difference we all are doing new things
in our contact center we don't get
visibility to that or maybe if they do
give visibility we have to go into their
forms later uh all those things don't
really happen on a daily basis in your
life so what you take from here is the
tips and there are so many of them so
many presentations so many tips and even
the conversations that we have with
everybody here there is something that
is probably not mentioned in the tips
but it's so informative for us so it
works and of course I personally believe
it's the most ethical one that I attend
so I love contacts in the world and I
keep saying that you too well thank you